fix typo (#256)
owncloud/ocis: docs/eos.md

> the eos related docker containers will be created, started and setup to authenticate a gainst the ocis-glauth service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the eos related docker containers will be created, started and setup to authenticate against the ocis-glauth service.
```
